Gh 28 (#29)
eclipsesource/graphical-lsp-website: content/documentation/examples/minimal.md

+++
title = "Minimal Diagram Example"
weight = 10

[asset]
  icon = "fas fa-compress-arrows-alt"
  url = "https://github.com/eclipse-glsp/glsp-examples"
+++

> The purpose of [the GLSP minimal diagram example](https://github.com/eclipse-glsp/glsp-examples), as the name implies, is to provide a minimal feature set and therefore be very easy to understand. The example supports exactly one node rendered as a rectangle. However, it still demonstrates a lot of powerful GLSP features such as undo/redo, resizing, zooming, etc. The minimal example is embedded into [Eclipse Theia](https://eclipsesource.com/technology/eclipse-theia/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of [the GLSP minimal diagram example](https://github.com/eclipse-glsp/glsp-examples), as the name implies, is to provide a minimal feature set and therefore is very easy to understand. Thus, it is a perfect starting point for your GLSP-based project. The example supports exactly one node type, which is rendered as a rectangle. Nevertheless, it still demonstrates a lot of powerful generic GLSP features such as add, delete, undo/redo, resizing, zooming, etc. The minimal example is embedded into [Eclipse Theia](https://eclipsesource.com/technology/eclipse-theia/) too.
```
